For [[DF 1.2_2.]]
1) Anything in the relevant location of the Tuple is to be understood as what the position in the tuple signifies so ES-Tuple (x,y,z) means x is a Subject, y is a SoE and z is a CoE.
2) If there is specific topics pointed out or talked about like MoE we can write:	  (x, MoE, z) where MoE expresses any MoE$\subseteq$SoE 
   and (x, MoE(y),z) expresses a specific MoE called y. If not described differently it is assumed that the remaining structure required for experiencing is filled as general SoE.  
   This applys to any introduced concept relevant to the Tuple including S, SoE, CoE and any subset thereof. We can therefore state (x,y,z) = (S(x), SoE(y), CoE(z))
3) Any elements of the tuple (x,y,z) are never really understood as single elements. Instead we understand them as "reasonable sets". 
   The expression "reasonable sets" tries to express that in change ontology a classical single element doesn't exist trivially. So if we speak of MoE(y) where for example y="Thinking" we don't intend to express that thinking is some minimal element of MoE. Afterall it could be reasoned that thinking might or might not be a complex construct out of other more fundamental elements of SoE. Similarly we don't want to express with using z="This statement" that "This statement" is some minimal content that couldn't in theory be broken up in to more fine grained CoE. Or for x=Subject that some minimal Subject property wise exists that stays exactly the same over different experiences